not this way I'll catch the next one
this one isn't big enough odd cats next
one I just don't like the looks of this
way I'll get some maximum right at my
car walk out your mouth like you guys
yeah you want the last piece no man I'll
get the next one there isn't good
there's gonna be any more yeah yeah I'll
have some of the next one okay douche
next one next one we want to do for
somewhere to you no thanks I at the next
one a foursome next one what are you
doing man for how are you doing job
interview today did yeah I don't forget
to take out the trash you didn't puffs
dude I'll get the next one friggin next
one
well everything looks fine here we're
pleased to offer you a position in the
company no thanks how did that's all
yeah I don't know what that means
exactly it was your father who set up
this interview it's cool I'll get the
next one hey you're an exhausting hi
Jaron this is the medical center calling
your test results came back and they are
not good we need to do an immediate
heart transplant to save your life how
did the maximum excuse me we need to get
you the far right away
hello gern I'm the Reaper I've come to
take you to the afternoon you should
totally get the next door okay check it
out Zipporah skabra I totally got the
next one the next time the next person
you always get the next one next one